Bloodninja : I lick your earlobe, and undo your watch.
Bloodninja : I take yo pants off, grunting like a troll.
Sarah19fca : Yeah I like it rough.
Bloodninja : I smack you thick booty.
Bloodninja : Smack, Smack, yeeeaahhh.
Bloodninja : I make some toast and eat it off your ass. Land O' Lakes butter all in your crack. Mmmm.
Bloodninja : I peel some bananas.
Sarah19fca : Oh, what are you gonna do with those?
Bloodninja : get me peanuts. Peanuts from the ballpark.
Bloodninja : Ken Griffey Jr. Yeaaaaahhh.
Bloodninja : I'm spent, I jump down into the alley and smoke a fatty. I throw rocks at the cats.
Sarah19fca : This is stupid.
Bloodninja : Stone Cold Steve Austin gives me some beer.
Bloodninja : Wanna Wrestle Stone Cold?
Bloodninja : Its cool stone cold she was a bitch anyway.
Bloodninja : We get on harleys and ride into the sunset.:
Bloodninja : Wanna cyber?
Bloodninja : I've got blond hair, blue eyes, I work out a lot
Bloodninja : And I have a part time job delivering for Papa John's in my Geo Storm.
DirtyKate : You sound sexy.. I bet you want me in the back of your car..
Bloodninja : Maybe some other time. You should call up Papa John's and make an order
Bloodninja : You can't hurry good pizza.
Bloodninja : I knock but you can't hear me cause you're in the shower. So I let myself in, and walk inside. I put the pizza down on :your coffee table.
Bloodninja : Are you ready to get nasty, baby? I'm as hot as a pizza oven
DirtyKate : ooohh yeah. I step out of the shower and I'm all wet and cold. Warm me up baby
Bloodninja : I can no longer resist the pizza. I open the box and unzip my pants with my other hand. As I penetrate the gooey :cheese, I moan in ecstacy. The mushrooms and Italian sausage are rough, but the sauce is deliciously soothing. I blow my load in :seconds. As you leave the bathroom, I exit through the front door....
Bloodninja : Are you ready for my fresh produce?
MommyMelissa : I was thinking of like, sexual acts INVOLVING vegetables... Can you make it a little more sexy for me?
Bloodninja : I touch you on your lettuce, you massage my spinach... Sexily.
Bloodninja : I ride your buttocks, like they were amber waves of grains.
MommyMelissa : Grain doesn't really turn me on... I was thinking more along the lines of carrots and zucchinis.
Bloodninja : my zucchinis carresses your carrots.
Bloodninja : Damn baby your right, this shit is HOT.
Bloodninja : My turnips listen for the soft cry of your love. My insides turn to celery as I unleash my warm and sticky cauliflower :of love.
MommyMelissa : What the fuck is this madlibs? I'm outta here.
Bloodninja : Yah, well I already unleashed my cauliflower, all over your olives, and up in your eyes. Now you can't see. Bitch.
Bloodninja : Baby, I been havin a tough night so treat me nice aight?
BritneySpears14 : I slip out of my pants, just for you, Bloodninja.
Bloodninja : Oh yeah, aight. Aight, I put on my robe and wizard hat.
Bloodninja : I cast Lvl 3 Eroticism. You turn into a real beautiful woman.
Bloodninja : I meditate to regain my mana, before casting Lvl 8 Penis of the Infinite.
Bloodninja : I spend my mana reserves to cast Mighty of the Beyondness.
BritneySpears14 : You are the worst cyber partner ever. This is ridiculous.
Bloodninja : Don't fuck with me biznitch, I'm the mightiest sorcerer of the lands.
Bloodninja : I steal yo soul and cast Lightning Lvl 1,000,000 Your body explodes into a fine bloody mist, because you are only a Lvl :2 Druid.
BritneySpears14 : Don't ever message me again you piece of shit.
Bloodninja : Robots are trying to drill my brain but my lightning shield inflicts DOA attack, leaving the robots as flaming piles of :metal.
Bloodninja : King Arthur congratulates me for destroying Dr. Robotnik's evil army of Robot Socialist Republics. The cold war ends. :Reagan steals my accomplishments and makes like it was cause of him.
Bloodninja : You still there baby? I think it's getting hard now.
Bloodninja : Baby?
Bloodninja : Ok baby, we got to hurry, I don't know how long I can keep it ready for you.
j_gurli13 : thats ok. ok i'm a japanese schoolgirl, what r u.
Bloodninja : A Rhinocerus. Well, hung like one, thats for sure.
Bloodninja : I stomp the ground, and snort, to alert you that you are in my breeding territory.
Bloodninja : Rhinoceruses don't wear shirts.
j_gurli13 : No, ur not really a Rhinocerus silly, it's just part of the game.
Bloodninja : Rhinoceruses don't play games. They fucking charge your ass.
Bloodninja : It doesn't get any more serious than a Rhinocerus about to charge your ass.
Bloodninja : I stomp my feet, the dust stirs around my tough skinned feet.
Bloodninja : Nostrils flaring, I lower my head. My horn, like some phallic symbol of my potent virility, is the last thing you see :as skulls collide and mine remains the victor. You are now a bloody red ragdoll suspended in the air on my mighty horn.
Bloodninja : Fuck I am hard now.
eminemBNJA : Oh I like that Baby. I put on my robe and wizard hat.
BritneySpears14 : What the fuck, I told you not to message me again.
BritneySpears14 : I swear if you do it one more time I'm gonna report your ISP and say you were sending me kiddie porn you fuck up.
Bloodninja : I had sex with a turkey.
sweet17 : You are fucking sick.
Bloodninja : Fuck you, cop!
Bloodninja : Well, you look like you ATE the Farm Fresh guy....
sweet17 : Go fuck yourself
Bloodninja : Now my unit won't get hard for a week.
Bloodninja : I can't believe Santa lets you sit on his lap..
Bloodninja : I'll eat your kitty
sweet17 : I thought you said you couldn't get it hard after seeing my picture
Bloodninja : Do I need a hard-on to eat your kitty?
sweet17 : I'd like to know that the man eating me out is excited yes
sweet17 : you say you have sex with turkeys. You call me fat. then you wanna eat me out
Bloodninja : I need you talk like a pirate.
Bloodninja : When I start to go limp... you say "HARRRR!!!"
Bloodninja : I gently remove your panties and being to massage your thighs.
Bloodninja : I softly begin to tounge your wet kitty.
Bloodninja : I run my tounge up and down your smooth cunt.
Bloodninja : uh oh ...going limp.
sweet17 : Har
sweet17 : HARRRRRRRRRRRR
Bloodninja : Ahhhh. Much better. I feel your kitty get more moist with every stroke.
Bloodninja : I softly suck on your clit bringing it in and out of my mouth.
Bloodninja : I begin to feel empowered by your femininity.
Bloodninja : Mmmm I grab your swelling buttocks in my hands.
Bloodninja : ...still limp
Bloodninja : I pry apart that battleship you call your ass.
Bloodninja : I see poo nuggets hanging from the hair around your ass.
sweet17 : OMG STOP!!!
Bloodninja : I start to get fed up with your ugly ass
Bloodninja : I tear off your wooden peg leg. I ram it up your ass.
Bloodninja : Then I pour hot carmel over your head. And turn you into a fucking candy apple...
Bloodninja : I kick you in the face!
Bloodninja : The celluloid from your cheeks hits the side of the cabin... Your parrot flys away. HAARRRRRR!!!!!
Sweetheart : I am wearing a red silk blouse, a miniskirt and high heels. I work out every day, I'm toned and perfect. My :measurements are 36-24-36. What do you look like?
Wellhung : I'm 6'3" and about 280 pounds.I wear glasses and I have on a pair of blue sweat pants I just bought from Walmart.I'm also :wearing a T-shirt with a few spots of barbecue sauce on it from dinner...it smells funny.
Sweetheart : I want you.Would you like to screw me?
Sweetheart : We're in my bedroom.There's soft music playing on the stereo and candles on my dresser and night table.I'm looking up :into your eyes, smiling. My hand works its way down to your crotch and begins to fondle your huge, swelling bulge.
Sweetheart : I'm throwing my head back in pleasure.The cool silk slides off my warm skin.I'm rubbing your bulge faster, pulling and :rubbing.
Wellhung : My hand suddenly jerks spastically and accidentally rips a hole in your blouse.I'm sorry.
Wellhung : I'm fumbling with the clasp on your bra.I think it's stuck. Do you have any scissors?
Wellhung : How did you do that? I'm picking up the bra and inspecting the clasp.
Wellhung : I suddenly sneeze. Your breasts are covered with spit and phlegm.
Sweetheart : OK. I'm pulling your sweat pants down and rubbing your hard tool.
Wellhung : I'm screaming like a woman. Your hands are cold! Yeeee!
Wellhung : I'm pulling off your panties. My tongue is going all over, in and out nibbling on you...umm... wait a minute. I've got a pubic hair caught in my throat. I'm choking.
Wellhung : I'm running to the kitchen, choking wildly. I'm fumbling through the cabinets, looking for a cup. Where do you keep your :cups?
Wellhung : I have to pee. I'm fumbling my way blindly across the room and toward the bathroom.
Wellhung : I've realized that I've peed into your laundry hamper. Sorry again. I'm walking back to the bedroom now, blindly feeling :my way.
Wellhung : OK, now I'm going to put my...you know ...thing...in your...you know...woman's thing.
Wellhung : I'm touching your smooth butt. It feels so nice. I kiss your neck. Umm, I'm having a little trouble here. I'm flaccid.
Wellhung : I'm limp. I can't sustain an erection.
Wellhung : I'm shrugging with a sad look on my face, my weiner all floppy. I'm going to get my glasses and see what's wrong.
Sweetheart : Go to hell. I'm logging off, you loser!
I.F. : I am a Kodiac bear Im soft naked, fuzzy and waiting for you to come mount me
SexyKarla17 : Oh I love cute fuzzy bears, I walk up and get on top of you stroking your soft hair, kissing you gently as my move my :way down your stomach
I.F. : I growl to warn you my cubs are near
I.F. : Bears dont wear pants and you should cover yourself in Honey now
I.F. : I bite harder peeling flesh from your stomach, and look up into your eyes to show you my mouth dripping with your warm blood :mixed with honey, I then I let my cubs rip apart your limbs and play with you like a ragdoll. uuuuuuuuuuuuhhhhhhhhh and im spent.
I.F. : My shit is hard you ready to jump aboard?
1hOttYeVe : What the fuck are you talking about? You wanna cyber or not?
I.F. : I do! Sorry...I just didnt know why you were wet...then you say your wet for me, and im thinking I didnt even throw water on :you...
I.F. : I pop like 16 boners
Partner6 : So you're really a 18 yr old girl right?
Partner6 : Thats cool, so you wanna see my gun? I pull off my pants and show you my "gun".
J-Dogg : I pull out my schlong, and rub it on your breasts... Oh shit, I meant, your schlong! your schlong!
Partner6 : I've had it with you queers trying to cyber me, I only fuck women...
J-Dogg : I mouth the words to you, as if in slow motion: Fuck me, Fuck me.
J-Dogg : You grab the bulge that you feel. you think it must be taking over your mind, theres nothing else you can think of. My :tubesteak to you is like a beautiful japanese haiku.
J-Dogg : To your light bulb I am the Thomas Edison of your sex. Without my light you would be lost in a sea of darkness.
Jdogg : I execute standing position 12 from the Kama Sutra. Passion fills the room. Your head is close to the ceiling fan.
Jdogg : I am completely inside of you. You are my dick puppet. I put on a little play.
cheesedog: Egon and Ray sneak in from the back. *Powering up Proton packs* Then... Egon BLASTS your pasty white ass!! POW!! BZZZZZTTTTTPHTTTTTT!!! Winston and Peter set up the containment trap.... You wiggle around in the proton streams buck naked
cheesedog: Slimer is in there too... Now...Slimer sticks his green, slimey cock in your pigmentless ass. **HE SLIMES YOU!** He cums all over your hair... but no one notices cause its the same color
cheesedog: He eats a powdered donut!
RobInHood: Nope...I Luv BBW"S...;o)))
RobInHood: But I love you! You are a bbw!!